Variable Name | Column # | Class | Description
--------------|----------|-------|------------
subject | 1 | integer | subject #     
activity | 2 | factor | activity type           
tBodyAccelmeanX | 3 | numeric | sensory measurement
tBodyAccelmeanY | 4 | numeric | sensory measurement           
tBodyAccelmeanZ | 5 | numeric | sensory measurement           
tBodyAccelstdX | 6 | numeric | sensory measurement          
tBodyAccelstdY | 7 | numeric | sensory measurement               
tBodyAccelstdZ |8 | numeric | sensory measurement               
tGravityAccelmeanX | 9 | numeric | sensory measurement          
tGravityAccelmeanY | 10 | numeric | sensory measurement            
tGravityAccelmeanZ | 11 | numeric | sensory measurement            
tGravityAccelstdX | 12 | numeric | sensory measurement            
tGravityAccelstdY | 13 | numeric | sensory measurement             
tGravityAccelstdZ | 14 | numeric | sensory measurement             
tBodyAccelJerkmeanX | 15 | numeric | sensory measurement          
tBodyAccelJerkmeanY | 16 | numeric | sensory measurement          
tBodyAccelJerkmeanZ | 17 | numeric | sensory measurement       
tBodyAccelJerkstdX | 18 | numeric | sensory measurement         
tBodyAccelJerkstdY | 19 | numeric | sensory measurement       
tBodyAccelJerkstdZ | 20 | numeric | sensory measurement       
tBodyGyromeanX | 21 | numeric | sensory measurement      
tBodyGyromeanY | 22 | numeric | sensory measurement           
tBodyGyromeanZ | 23 | numeric | sensory measurement           
